chore: Remove some extra docs (#521)
DataDog/dd-sdk-flutter: packages/datadog_flutter_plugin/README.md

Datadog RUM SDK versions < 1.4 support monitoring for Flutter 2.8+.
Datadog RUM SDK versions >= 1.4 support monitoring for Flutter 3.0+.

> For complete documentation, visit Datadog's [official documentation][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For complete documentation, see the [official Datadog documentation][11].
```

Use the [Datadog Flutter Plugin][1] to set up Log Management or Real User Monitoring (RUM). The setup instructions may vary based on your decision to use Logs, RUM, or both, but most of the setup steps are consistent.

> For detailed instructions on how to set up the Datadog Flutter Plugin, consult the [Datadog Documentation][11]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For detailed instructions on how to set up the Datadog Flutter Plugin, consult the [Datadog Documentation][11].
```

> For detailed instructions on how to set up the Datadog Flutter Plugin, consult the [Datadog Documentation][11].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For instructions on how to set up the Datadog Flutter Plugin, see the [official Datadog documentation][11].
```
